process) whether they won the lottery. The lottery has the property that the higher the stakes in the system, the higher the probability of becoming the block leader or committee member. If a user wins, then, in the case of block leadership, they publish a block together with a proof of winning the lottery, and in the case of committee membership publish a message along with proof of lottery win. As in PoW, it is important that the other users in the system can e.ciently verify the correctness of this claim, that is, the user claiming to be the block leader has in fact won the lottery. Unfortunately, in existing PoS protocols, this requires the users to be able to link the newly generated block with some account in the system. Thus, everyone in the system will learn the identity of the block producer (and their wealth). 
Privacy in PoS? As privacy-preserving cryptocurrencies (such as ZCash, Monero, Dash, etc.) increase in popularity, it is natural to ask the following question: 
Is it possible to design consensus protocols which are as energy-e.cient as PoS, but as private as PoW? 
In this paper we address this problem and provide the frst positive results in this direction. In particular we oer two contributions: 1) we provide a feasibility result showing that it is possible to construct a Private PoS (PPoS) protocol, that is one where the identity of the lottery winner (and their wealth) is kept secret by the protocol; and 2) we show how to adapt a popular PoS protocol, Ouroboros Praos [DGKR18], to satisfy our anonymity requirement. In doing so, we introduce a novel cryptographic primitive ¨C anonymous verifable random function (AVRF) which might be of independent interest. 
Related Work. In a recent independent and concurrent work [KKKZ18], the authors present a privacy-preserving proof-of-stake protocol. While our work is more modular and treats privacy of proof-of-stake consensus independently of the cryptocurrency layer, the work of [KKKZ18] builds an overall private transaction ledger system. Additionally, our construction guarantees full privacy (at the cost of assuming anonymous channels), while [KKKZ18] allows for the leakage of a function of the stake. 
1.1 Technical Overview 
All current proof-of-stake 