ality in the (FABC, F ,
Init FD VRF )-hybrid world in the presence of a PPT adversary. 
crs, FCom 
Proof. Let Szk =(S1, S2) be the simulator of the zero-knowledge proof system used in Lottery-ProtocolE,LE . We construct a simulator Slottery and argue that the views of the adversary in the simulated execution and real protocol execution are computationally close. Consider the simulator Slottery. 


Let HYB0 be the (distribution) of the protocol execution (in the hybrid world where the auxiliary functionalities are available). We consider the world HYB1 which is the same as the protocol execution except for the following: calls to FCom 
VRF are answered as is done by the simulator Slottery consistent with the 
LE,E
outcome returned by FLottery. It follows that distributions of HYB0 and HYB1 are indistinguishable. We now argue that the world HYB1 is computationally indistinguishable from the ideal world simulation. 
Com,SIG
Simulation of F The only dierence between HYB1 and the simulation is that the list L consists
Init 
of commitments to honest stakes in the protocol, whereas the commitments are to 0 in the interaction with the simulator. By the hiding property of the commitment scheme Com, the two distributions are identical. 
Simulation of FD The CRS in HYB1 is distributed the same as in the simulation. 
crs 
Simulation of FCom 
VRF 
The key-generation and evaluation queries by the adversary are distributed the same. The same holds for verifcation queries where the adversary verifes a commitment which was created by an evaluation query by the adversary. In HYB1, any other commitment message pair will be verifed as true only if the commitment was part of an honest tuple (e, m, c, ’zk) which was sent to the adversary via FABC. Similarly, in the simulation any other commitment message pair will only be evaluated as true if the commitment was part of a simulated honest tuple. 

Simulation of FABC 
If the adversary sends a tuple (e, m, c, ’zk) in HYB1, parties will accept it only if it is valid with 
Com,SIG 
crs, and FComrespect to the information of F , FD VRF . In the ideal world, the simulator does the same 
Init checks with respect to the simulated functionalities. The simulator will then submit (e,m) to FLE,E 
Lottery
which will send it to honest parties. The soundness of the zero-knowledge proof system and the binding property of the commitment scheme guarantee that the adversary can only submit tuples (e, m, c, ’zk) where the dishonest stakeholder won the lottery for e. Thus the distribution of HYB1 and the ideal world is indistinguishable. 
If in HYB1 an honest stakeholder wins the lottery for entry e and publishes a message m via FABC, the adversary will receive a tuple of the form (e, m, c, ’zk). In the ideal world, the simulator gets (e,m) and creates a simulated tuple. By the zero-knowledge property of the proof system the distribution of HYB1 and the ideal-world is indistinguishable. ut 


B Extended Preliminaries 
B.1 Non-interactive Zero-knowledge 
Defnition 3 (Non-interactive Zero-knowledge Argument). A non-interactive zero-knowledge ar-gument for an NP relation R consists of a triple of polynomial time algorithms (Setup, Prove, Verify) defned as follows. 
每 
Setup(1) takes a security parameter  and outputs a common reference string 步. 

每 
Prove(步, x, w) takes as input the CRS 步, a statement x, and a witness w, and outputs an argument ’. 

每 
Verify(步, x, ’) takes as input the CRS 步, a statement x, and a proof ’, and outputs either 1 accepting the argument or 0 rejecting it. 


The algorithms above should satisfy the following properties. 
1. Comp